# Message


## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**id** | **str** | Unique identifier of the message. | 
**channel_id** | **str** | Identifier of the channel through which the conversation is taking place. | 
**conversation_id** | **str** | Identifier of the conversation the message belongs to. | 
**reply_to_message_id** | **str** | The ID of the message that you&#39;re replying to. For Gmail and Microsoft Graph, this is the provider ID of the message that you&#39;re replying to. For IMAP Send, this is the RFC822 Message-ID header of the message that you&#39;re replying to. | [optional] 
**reply_type** | [**MessageReplyType**](MessageReplyType.md) |  | [optional] 
**subject** | **str** | Subject of the email message, if applicable. Null for non-email conversations. | [optional] 
**direction** | [**MessageDirection**](MessageDirection.md) |  | 
**var_date** | **datetime** | ISO 8601 time of when the message was sent. | 
**sender** | [**MessageParticipant**](MessageParticipant.md) |  | 
**recipients** | [**List[MessageParticipant]**](MessageParticipant.md) | The name/handle pairs of the recipients, including to, cc, and bcc. | 
**snippet** | **str** | A short preview of the message body, generated by the channel provider | [optional] 
**body** | **str** | The full HTML body of the message without quotations. | [optional] 
**text_body** | **str** | The text content of body | [optional] 
**raw_body** | **str** | The raw HTML body of the message. Messages with only plain-text representations are up-converted to HTML. | [optional] 
**attachments** | [**List[Attachment]**](Attachment.md) | An array of Attachment objects. | [optional] 
**external_message_id** | **str** | The identifier of the message in an external system. | [optional] 
**created_at** | **datetime** | The ISO 8601 time at which the Message was created. | 
**format** | [**MessageFormat**](MessageFormat.md) |  | 

## Example

```python
from convore_api_client.models.message import Message

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of Message from a JSON string
message_instance = Message.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print Message.to_json()

# convert the object into a dict
message_dict = message_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of Message from a dict
message_form_dict = message.from_dict(message_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


